c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\MisVuelosv2.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\MisVuelosv2.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.View.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.View.ListaVuelosPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.View.ReservarPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.View.BuscarReservaPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\MisVuelosv2\obj\Debug\MisVuelosv2.View.ReservasPage.xaml.g.cs
